hello viewers welcome to recap here
today i will explain a crime thriller
movie
infamous spoiler ahead all you have to
do is just sit down
keep calm and listen to me so let's
start sitting at a side
a blood-stained face girl contacts
through a video call
i have faith in destiny but the question
is this is it my destiny for which i
fought
meanwhile police arrived there pointing
to her gun
afterward that girl tells that my name
is ariel
and i am going to be famous then it is
shown that she moves to her mother's
house then to the club
coral is held with a girl in a club as
she goes there
and everyone starts making her video
while returning
she uses her mobile and knows that her
video has gone viral
arielle checks her followers likes and
comments as world star worthy
and other comments are also like this
now arielle's followers reach at 147
then arielle stops at a shop while
passing the way where a new character
named dean is repairing a car
talking to him she says i have never
seen you here before
what is your name he tells his name dean
arielle leaves after talking showing her
interest and saying see you
now ariel is shown taking orders in a
hotel she is serving there as a waitress
going at a place she counts the amount
it seems the goal of ariel is to collect
a large amount of money
reaching the house she opens her money
box which already has an amount
she includes the current money and
already collected money and keeps it
back in the money box
it seems as if she has lust of money now
a few friends are conversing with one
another
arielle is also there as a customer and
the conversation topic is dean
one of the friends says that he lives
with his father he is motherless and was
in prison
at the place she happens to meet with
dean ariel says
i have heard you were in prison and why
were you there dean tells
i was in prison due to the crime of
robbery and attack
arielle asks him do you believe in
destiny and coincidence
do you know there is a vast universe
having a place far away that is beyond
the insanity
next morning it is shown that dean and
ariel are befriended now
now dean trains her shooting with a gun
and ariel shoots the placed objects at a
place while practicing
at last she gets trained in shooting
guns at night
ariel is shown wearing a uniform again
where she contradicts with her friends
while talking about dean
coming into the house she checks her
kept money box under the bed
knows that all his collected money is
stolen which has been collected day by
day
she searches it around but cannot search
suspecting on his mother's friend
she threatens him in depression and
upset condition and starts crying
in her depressed condition she leaves
the house directing herself towards
dean's house
she knocks at the door but no one opens
the door
she enters without permission and some
voices are heard from the upstairs
moving there she finds that dean's
father is beating him violently
she tries to stop the quarrel of his
father and says what is going on
but dean's father falls down pushing her
on the ground
seeing it dean is angry and a dispute is
held with his father
dean's father is toppled down the stairs
during this fight losing his
consciousness
both come downstairs instantly dean says
it was just an accident
he is worried it seems that he is dead
now ariel says
you are leaving no one will be able to
search you
leaving his father in dead condition
they move from there
while driving dean asks arielle about
money but arielle's money has been
stolen so she has not a single penny
dean asks her for a cash amount ariel
says on it
i have nothing asking him about guns
then there is an
ice cold beer shop beside there then
both plan and mask their face with a
handkerchief
taking gun dean goes inside and ariel
makes a video stranding beside
dean threatens the shopkeeper with a gun
going inside and asks him to put money
into the bag
after robbing they leave taking car
arielle has made the whole video of
robbery
sitting in the car arielle is shouting
happily and takes her photos with money
paper
in the coming morning dean and ariel are
shown sitting in a cafe
showing him the robbery photo ariel says
that i have posted it on social media
because people are interested dean is
left astonished and also worried
then arielle says feeling happy i have
got 3 000 followers on instagram
opening the comments she says that
people are liking and sharing it
but dean says you cannot post or expose
as such
but ariel replies such posts may
increase our popularity
after it dean is googling the
information about the guns using the
internet
he also sees the photos of them so that
he may purchase a weapon
then they reach a place of a store shop
it is the next plan of dean and ariel
waiting in the car dean hands over the
gun to ariel
he says robbing will be your task in
making video as the plan
part of dean going away arielle says
i am feeling nervous entering a shop she
points her gun on a a man and says
hands up opening a safe that man brings
a large amount of money out
they leave after robbing him next
morning taking a pistol from dean
arielle takes her number of photos using
her mobile
they are involved regularly in many
robberies normally and continue to make
videos
arielle continues to upload this data on
social media
and her followers are finally reached
till the numbering of 3057.
next robbery is planned in disguising by
themselves
while the uploading of videos is
continued by them now their followers
reach at the numbering of 98
126. the purpose of ariel is to increase
her followers with the renowned name
and news channels also broadcast news as
the breaking news is shown as the
robbery suspects named ariel and dean
have been identified
dean is uncomfortable after knowing
their news of robbery and photos on the
news channels
dean says to ariel are you making fun
with me do you want to get popularity
because of these crimes
dean drives the car angrily with full
speed consequently
a police officer starts chasing him in
his own car
arielle asks dean to speed up the car
but dean says
no and stops the car coming beside the
car
the police officer says do you know how
the car is being driven at full speed
arielle replies laughing actually it is
my mistake
i like fast driving the lease officer
orders them to stay in the car and
leaves arielle
asks has he recognized us dean seems
upset
finally ariel gets off the car while
dean asks her to wait
getting off she talks to a police
officer seeing her
police officers order her furiously to
sit in the car
but both start quarreling with each
other police office orders them to sit
on the ground pointing his gun on them
then dean notices that someone has fired
gun killing him
then it is known that ariel has
triggered the gun and says to herself
okay okay dean is afraid and ariel says
we should leave frightened dean leaves
with her sitting in the car
police officer is no more then a man at
a place is shown before whom disguised
ariel is stood holding a gun
that man and the people standing in her
surroundings are making her video
she is pleased because she had a keen
desire to be famous
dot but it is clear later that she is
imagining it standing at the shop of the
same person
and she has disguised herself using fake
golden hair
now she moves to a place where dean is
already there here it is known that they
have hidden themselves at a place
because police officers are after them
due to their crimes of robberies
when she moves to the place where dean
is present a money bag of collected
robberies is also brought on the scene
there
they have hidden themselves at a place
from police officers and fbi
arielle receives a message on social
media where are both of you she notices
the decrement in the numbering of
followers
dean is against his fame game arielle
has got upset because of the decreasing
followers
the reason behind it is not uploading
anything on social media
thinking it she again moves to the short
store without informing dean and
disguising herself
she has a mobile for the coverage of her
robbery entering the shop
she asks money from that person pointing
her gun at him
and she fires the gun into the air she
also fires on the entered customer in
the shop
that shopkeeper falls ariel down and he
starts firing
taking out his gun arielle saves herself
but is trapped now
during the firing of the shopkeeper she
receives a gunshot on his shoulder which
causes blood flow
she runs towards her car in a worried
condition because she has a threat of
arresting
going to house she reveals everything to
dean in pain and tension
winding up their luggage they leave
because police could reach there for
their capturing
the money bag is forgotten there by them
ariel tells dean that there is much flow
of blood due to the gunshot
police cars pursue them in aerial fires
with her weapons
while dean also fires coming outside
ariel asks from dean
where is the money bag both blame each
other for getting upset
stopping at a place dean pulls the
bullet out from the shoulder of ariel
and bandages it
then dean goes to a man's house who asks
him to sit coming inside
then ariel tells that i have got a
million followers that man is drugging
he is a gang leader who demands favor
for himself he says that every present
thing here should be kept away from your
little instagram
then he makes a deal of bank robbery
with dean and ariel dean says about this
deal
i am not in the favor of this deal ariel
says
we will have a lot of money which we
nave had then they discuss about bank
robbery and ariel says
big scores less risk but dean says we
never did it before
banks are different at last both get
ready for bank robbery
bank robbery's first bank is first
commercial bank
now the bank's inner location is shown
where the gang starts firing into the
air with whom the bank robbery deal was
made
arielle and dean are both masked and
move ahead holding a gun
arielle continues her mobile recording
and live views begin to appear because
she is showing it online
people also comment as omg they are back
and they continue holding a mobile gang
leader video continues to record
gang leader asks keys from manager
punching him manger hands over the keys
everything is being viewed online by the
viewers
they are a social media sensation now as
being mad for social media
arielle continues to receive comments
suddenly
the gang lead puts the manager dead
shooting him now the manager loses his
life
everything is going online gang leader
asks everyone to move
it happens is such that when gang's
member goes outside
there are a number of police cars there
is firing between police officers and
that member
shouting gang leader asks what is it
opening the door
dean observes that one of his gang
members is shot down now
and police officers are outside gang
leader is thinking about this occurrence
immediately he catches the site of
arielle's mobile
he asks what is it arielle replies on it
nothing snatching the mobile he knows
that everything is viewed on social
media live
h points his gun at ariel dean points
his gun at the gang leader while gang
members direct their guns on dean
finding a chance arielle begins firing
with her gun at the gang members and
hides herself
then arielle knows that dean has been
shot down she soon moves to dying dean
getting upset she says to dean there is
police outside so she cannot take him
into hospital
at last she loses her friend now dean is
no more
now the lying down blood-stained money
is shown on the floor
and arielle is afflicted sitting aside
holding a mobile
she says i believe in destiny but my
question is this
is it my destiny for which i fought now
it is the same opening scene of the
movie where ariel is checking a mobile
sitting at a place
and police officers sees her coming
there her mobile is broken out falling
on the floor
and police officers move ahead putting
their feet on the mobile
she is taken out from the bank by police
now there is a surprised scene as ariel
notices the number of her fans there
they are waiting for her they are waving
their hands holding mobile and are very
joyful
as they have desire to meet ariel and
they are all likers of ariel
seeing them arielle's face glowed
because arielle has become an infamous
social media star
if you like the video give a thumbs up
subscribe our channel and press the bell
icon so that you can get notifications
as soon as we upload a new video
see you in next video